In the past three days, my father-in-law will meet my sister-in-law today.
Now the only thing to do is to let the Lin family misunderstand that the Beijiang God King cares about everything.
They will pull out almost,
Thinking that I would be the son-in-law, the Lin family would plan everything.
Hey, no, are you and me okay? We are all fine.
It's okay. I was called to the store at home in Shangjing.
It is said that the Beijiang God King left for Beijing on leave,
It is only stated that the reception will be closed and the only option is to leave.
Okay, okay, the boss just called me
Beijiang God King is not selecting at all today
He is in Beijing
I'm right here
He saw your brother again
You are really lying here.
Then you don't dare
Not only do I look down on you because of the price,
Because I don’t want to mess with my mother temporarily
Becoming an older brother
Can you stop lying?
You keep going like this
It's really dangerous
You don’t believe me because of Xiaoshushu
He and I are not on the same level at all.
Mr. Xiao has a noble status
Naturally, I have 100% hope of meeting Beijiang God King
And with a majestic Beijiang God King
The family can also feel the ancestral land
Creatures that blame China for being deficient
You and I are people with low eyes, becoming real and fake
Who can talk to Xiaofeng?
It’s called self-knowledge and the truth will be revealed. You are a master.
There is news about a country’s internal affairs committee that is determined to tell the truth